very young Guillermo was with me at the
Oscars last night
every year before the show caramel gets
a spot on the red carpet he asks the
tough questions and he does it with a
tank full of tequila and this year he
did it again this is Guillermo at the
Oscars
[Applause]
hi how are you look so gorgeous you all
so beautiful I'm so I always happy to
see you you were yeah that to legend
you're nominated today yes I am you know
what I've always pitch for you let me
see it
never here should I practice yeah
I'd like to take my mother and father
for making sex in a truck so that I
could be born I don't think I could have
said it better myself that is them you
didn't I just go yeah you put it right
there yeah so that if I have to okay the
Aurora speech for today did I write a
speech now didn't write a speech how do
you have it yeah
can you read it yeah see I told you I
was the best actor in the world
silk'n everybody else after the show I
will be at the Cabo Wabo Cantina meet me
there Thank You Man I want I want you to
be honest are you getting
you'd like to attend a lover and what do
you want to
[Music]
hi how are you feel of and costly util
you know beautiful I want to take you
home and put you on my shelf oh my god
alright you look like Oscar himself can
you find my DVD this is my favorite DVD
[Music]
[Applause]
you're not in it but can you feel fine
no yeah that's me there you go
[Music]
this is my second favorite movie what's
your first favorite grease yeah why
didn't you bring that one oh I couldn't
find a matching today yeah we all know
as much we can go intense also after
this oh yeah are you gonna dip me yeah
[Laughter]
hungry yes where can I get this yes and
it anything you want as long as you keep
me here oh I did here I don't really
have very much just no that's okay
no that that seems like too much thank
you very much and good luck tonight all
right all right
he actually took the money okay
you wanna try something come right from
my shoes from your shoes yeah what's
that about here you want my laughs on my
right I love this tequila and this is
[Applause]
[Music]
this is your first that is to you
oh my god you look so beautiful thank
you yeah Thursday night all right I
gotta check my schedule check the
schedule let me know Romero sick
[Applause]
right
[Music]
[Applause]
Melrose
can you tell me what Mero sweetest mouth
[Applause]
yeah you want some
well there you have it I've talked to a
lot of people a lot of celebrity drink
out of my shoes there's a lot of jurors
right here
barter that thing up again there you go
if you liked that video click the
subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment